there's nothing specific to a junior officer. As faras benefits are concerned,
they should take advantage of. Um, really. The most important
thing about benefits is knowing what they are, knowing how they work.
Um, sometimes their perks that you encounter that are that are
more specific to the locale that you're residing in that that you might.
There's someone obscure and you might not know about him. So, for
instance, if you live in San Diego, uh, yet like to free Seaworld
passes every year, little things like that, you know, they're they're
especially military friendly towns. There are a lot of little things
you can look for, but as faras general military benefits, there's
not really anything that I would say that is not being taken revenge
of budget your officers. Uh, one thing it will highlight is tthe
e post 9 11 g. I. Bill, um, you will have access to that on. You will
have the opportunity to transfer that over to your um to your family
members. If you decide you don't need to use it on, that could be
a cost savings. When there's that family goes to college, if they end
up doing that. Certainly something consider, uh, any. But you need
to stay on top of it. Because if the folks that should be helping
you file that paperwork, drop it, like, happened to me, you'll find
that, uh, you know, the transfer period is almost over, and you almost
miss it.